First of all let's go back into our texture paint mode right here and I will go ahead and make sure
everything's d selected and then I'll just select the torso and the arms.
Actually I don't even need the arms I'm just going to select the torso and that's all I need for this.
I'll go to that front view again.
And here we go.
We'll work in this view here.
Now we should be able to see as we paint the paint strokes come up over here on the 2d image as well.
So what let's do is go over to the draw brush right here.
Our strength is currently at point seven I'm gonna go and take it up to one point oh let's see how that
works and I'd like to come over here and turn off the X mirror.
I want to be able to just paint on one side or the other and I don't want it to appear symmetrically
on both sides.
Also I can change the fall off of the stroke here from kind of a soft fall off to a sharp brush.
Let's take a look at the difference of those here before I make a decision on that.
Let's bring up that image again over here.
So here's that image right there.
And let's go ahead and come down here and let's create kind of a black colour.
I'll just grab this and drag it all the way down maybe not all the way down.
Give it a little bit of color just a tad bit like this.
There we go.
Something like that.
I'll go ahead and add that to the palette as well.
And then I'll grab my graphics pen and tablet here and if I hit the f key I can change the size of the
brush here.
And if I press shift F I can change the strength of the stroke.
I'm going to keep it at 1 4 now.
So here is the stroke.
If I keep that fall off as it is right here then let me switch to this and here's the stroke.
If I have no fall off.
So I actually think I may go with this here with no ball off at all.
I mean take the brush down a bit and we go.
And so for this it looks like it looks like there are a couple of things going on here.
Looks like we've got a a line over here for a seam underneath the arm.
I don't think I want this to go on the sides.
I just wanted to be on the front and that's it.
So what I think I'll do is just begin here and create these lapel type pieces here and here and then
I'll work on the pockets I guess.
All right.
So let's let's try this.
I'm going to begin with this part that borders the black t shirt so I'll just begin and I'll draw down
to here and I'll come out like this.
This maybe.
Now let me controls that.
Let me try that again I might take the brush down just a little bit more like this.
Let's try this
and then come over here like this.
Maybe we go like this now I want to press controls again and try it again.
Yeah something like that
like that.
There we go.
I like that a little bit better.
So now for these pieces for the lapels I'll just come over here.
This and then kind of loop that down now.
Let me try that again.
Maybe I'll shrink that down just a bit like this.
Let's try this.
Now this year and then I'll swoop that down like this and we go yeah okay.
That works a little bit better for this side here.
Let's try this Miss then I'm going to come down like that and then I'm gonna add a couple of silver
dots for the zipper as well.
All right.
So we have those.
Let's now work on the little pockets here.
So it looks like it's something like this
here with a little circle and then I'll just come straight down.
Yes.
Maybe we could add a little thing like that.
All right let's try it over here.
Um like this
little circle
something like that.
All right.
It looks a little bit off.
Let me uh I'm done like this try that all right it looks very hand drawn.
So if I want to erase some of this what I can do is I can just come back and use this same color.
So let's say I grab this.
Here and then increase the size of the brush.
And then I can come in and paint this out
like this.
Let me zoom in here I can just paint this out with the brown color and then go back to the black reduce
the sides of the brush again and then maybe make this a little bit smaller.
Let's try this again and bring that down
here we go.
Something like that.
Then let's add a couple of these lines coming down and I guess or like creases.
Let's do that
we go all right.
So we have the beginnings of our jacket here.
Let's go to the top.
We can't really see the top and what they did there but we can kind of add some lines to ours up here
so maybe I could increase the size of the brush here and just kind of extend this back to the neck there
and maybe extend this back like this and then maybe I'll reduce the brush is just a bit and extend this
back as well and maybe extend this back here like that.
All right.
So now let's try and fill in the shirt here.
I'm just going to color in everything in between these two lines here and you can see it coming in over
here on the 2d image map as well we probably need to click on Save images here pretty soon to make sure
we get this all on our color map.
And don't lose all of the work we've done here so I will go ahead and do that.
I'll scroll back up here.
Click on Save all images.
There we go.
Just to make sure and then let's come up here and do the same thing on the top kind of simulate the
top of the coat there.
Now we could also if there's any problems we can always come over here and paint here on the 2d image
if on the paint mode right here you can come in here and just paint right in here and kind of clean
this up a bit if we want like that so let's go in and take a look at this in object mode.
Now we go we can see it's beginning to take shape we could go over to the materials panel and we could
take the secular down just a bit like yes we wanted to.
All right.
So in the next video what let's do is work on creating the zipper and we'll create a belt for the character
as well.